Opening yourself to the creative process is the most important step you can take in developing your capacity as a creative person. And the best way to facilitate this openness is to disrupt the regular routines of your life. So, the assignment for this week is to try something new. Here are a few suggestions:

Go outside at dawn and go for a little walk.

Go to a park and walk barefoot for a few minutes (be careful about ground hazards!).

Explore an unknown part of your neighborhood (safely!).

Try a new sport or activity.

Try a new kind of cuisine.

For more insight on the importance of disrupting routines, read Journey to Ixtlan, by Carlos Castaneda. This book – written by an author you’ve probably never heard of – is one of the most influential books of the twentieth century. It has had a massive impact on popular culture and the consciousness of our age. I highly recommend you read it.

When you have completed this activity (it should take at least an hour), make some notes about your experience. These notes are just for you; their purpose is to help you keep track of your creativity as the semester evolves and as you start to think about your composition project. Add your notes to GitHub. Commit the changes.

book link: http://www.bur.st/~omp0lyom/iosho.com/DonJuan/CC-Ixtlan.pdf

I got up today at 8:30AM, on my day off - Monday. I had some stomach problems, where the toilet feels like it is my best friend. I decided to take the risk and go to the gym. This was my first gym session of the year, and my first session at this new gym I signed up at. It felt great to be on a elliptical again, I could feel the sweat dripping down my back. I could feel my heart beating like it's trying to find a bench to rest on. It felt great, until I could not find a water bottle refill station. I did not want to use their water fountain due to my fear  and knowledge of germs. I decided to call it a day and stretch it out because I was feeling dizzy after 1 hour. I ended up going to get my nails done. New year, new me. I am commiting to making myself feel good this year. 
